Update gdal2tiles.rst - Explicitly mention common config options (#3166)
OSGeo/gdal: gdal/doc/source/programs/gdal2tiles.rst

    Inputs with non-Byte data type (i.e. ``Int16``, ``UInt16``,...) will be clamped to
    the ``Byte`` data type, causing wrong results. To awoid this it is necessary to
    rescale input to the ``Byte`` data type using `gdal_translate` utility.
    
.. note::

>     Config options of the input drivers may have an effect on the output of gdal2tiles. An example driver config option is GDAL_PDF_DPI, which can be found at https://gdal.org/user/configoptions.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Config options of the input drivers may have an effect on the output of gdal2tiles. An example driver config option is GDAL_PDF_DPI, which can be found at :ref:`configoptions`
```
